chore: grammar improvements on culture-n-values (#55)
vintasoftware/playbook: culture-n-values.md

When Vinta talks about no estimates, we charge and agree on contracts based on hours worked, not features delivered. That means a project is never finished until the client is satisfied. Although scary at first, there are a lot of benefits that come from it:
- **We don’t need to estimate**, since we saw it’s difficult and error prone, and that’s a big relief.
- **Everything takes the time it should take to be done**, that means more testing, more studying and more time invested in quality, which leads to better code and increased maintainability.
- **The client doesn’t need to waste time thinking/predicting every single need she/he might have**. Also, she/he is forced to stay engaged to the project and receives more deliveries according to what she/he wanted, instead of waiting for a long period of time to see something that isn’t exactly right.

# Why we believe in open source

> We are community people, open source contributions are wonderful and everyone is encouraged to do some. Since a lot of our coding uses open-source tools, maintaining our own open-source projects seems reasonable. So we encourage people to contribute as projects demands. We find that is one way to leave our company's mark in the community as well is to always fork using [Vinta's Github account](https://github.com/vintasoftware).

Reviewer: A period would be better than a comma here:
```suggestion
We are community people. Open source contributions are wonderful and everyone is encouraged to do some. Since a lot of our coding uses open-source tools, maintaining our own open-source projects seems reasonable. So we encourage people to contribute as projects demands. We find that is one way to leave our company's mark in the community as well is to always fork using [Vinta's Github account](https://github.com/vintasoftware).
```

- [Thoughtbot](https://thoughtbot.com/playbook) - Thoughtbot's playbook is structured to cover all the phases of their production process. Dividing it by phases makes it easier for people to go exactly where they want. Although focusing less on the internal operations of the company, their takes on sales, hiring, and apprenticeship are well worth the reading.

- [Luminary Labs](http://www.slideshare.net/LuminaryLabs/the-human-company-playbook-version-10) - Before this playbook existed, Sara Holoubek did an excellent job advocating lengthy about how companies could go above the minimum line of benefits and start behaving more humanely. Recently they compiled not only their practices but also practices from multiple other companies. They are divided into sections that explain the importance of each benefit while listing many different ways that an interested company might implement them. It's a must read if you are interested in what benefits companies could offer.

> - [Facebook](http://v1.benbarry.com/project/facebooks-little-red-book) - Playbooks can also be a great tool to inspire people and align them with principles that you want for your company. Facebook's playbook does a very good job on that, focusing on the magnitude of tasks developed there and inspiring feelings of grandeur about changing the way people communicate. It doesn't talk much about internal practices, but it's a very good example of an inspirational playbook.

Reviewer: Any reason on the preference for ```on``` over ```at```? I think ```at``` fits better but both are fine. I would also add a ```by``` before the reasons why Facebook's playbook does a very good job at that. I would also remove the ```there```.

```suggestion
- [Facebook](http://v1.benbarry.com/project/facebooks-little-red-book) - Playbooks can also be a great tool to inspire people and align them with principles that you want for your company. Facebook's playbook does a very good job at that, by focusing on the magnitude of tasks developed and inspiring feelings of grandeur about changing the way people communicate. It doesn't talk much about internal practices, but it's a very good example of an inspirational playbook.
```
